Transformations: Extended support for variables in filter by name (#75734)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/transform-data/index.md

### Filter by name

Use this transformation to remove parts of the query results.

> You can filter field names in three different ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter field names in three different ways:

- [Using a regular expression](#use-a-regular-expression)
- [Manually selecting included fields](#manually-select-included-fields)
- [Using a dashboard variable](#use-a-dashboard-variable)
```

> #### Using a regular expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Use a regular expression
```

> Field names that match the regular expression will be included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you filter using a regular expression, field names that match the regular expression are included.
```

From the input data:

| Time                | dev-eu-west | dev-eu-north | prod-eu-west | prod-eu-north |
| ------------------- | ----------- | ------------ | ------------ | ------------- |
| 2023-03-04 23:56:23 | 23.5        | 24.5         | 22.2         | 20.2          |
| 2023-03-04 23:56:23 | 23.6        | 24.4         | 22.1         | 20.1          |

The result from using the regular expression `prod.*` would be:

| Time                | prod-eu-west | prod-eu-north |
| ------------------- | ------------ | ------------- |
| 2023-03-04 23:56:23 | 22.2         | 20.2          |
| 2023-03-04 23:56:23 | 22.1         | 20.1          |

> The regular expression can include a dashboard variable interpolated by using the `${[variable name]}` syntax.

Reviewer: This flows better, but if it changes the meaning, then ignore.
```suggestion
The regular expression can include an interpolated dashboard variable by using the `${[variable name]}` syntax.
```

> #### Manually selecting included fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Manually select included fields
```

> By clicking and unchecking the field names they will not show up in the result. Fields that are matched by the regular expression will still be included, even if they are unchecked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click and uncheck the field names to remove them from the result. Fields that are matched by the regular expression are still included, even if they're unchecked.
```

> #### Using a dashboard variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Use a dashboard variable
```

> By enabling `From variable` you can select a dashboard variable that will be used to include fields. By settings up a [dashboard variable] with multiple choices, the same fields can be displayed across multiple visualizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable `From variable` to let you select a dashboard variable that's used to include fields. By setting up a [dashboard variable][] with multiple choices, the same fields can be displayed across multiple visualizations.
```
